Improve the error logging in Application Connector integration tests (#15022)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/components/application-connector/README.md

>    ```bash
>    make test-gateway
>    ```
> 4. If you run the tests with debug option:
>    
>    ```bash
>    make test-gateway-debug
>    ```
>    You need to remember to turn on the sidecars as soon as the test is completed.
>    ```bash
>    make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
>    ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
   ```bash
   make test-gateway
   ```
   - Optionally, run the tests in the debugging mode:
   
      ```bash
      make test-gateway-debug
      ```
      In this mode, you must remember to enable the sidecars as soon as the test is completed:
      ```bash
      make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
      ```
``````

- Don't split sentences in the middle. Finish a sentence, and then provide a code block/picture/... .
- `with debug option` -> `with the debug option`: an article was missing. Is `the debugging mode` also correct? If so, let's use it.

>       In this mode, you must remember to enable the sidecars as soon as the test is completed:
>       ```bash
>       make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > **CAUTION:** In this mode, you must remember to enable the sidecars as soon as all the tests have been completed:
      > ```bash
      > make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
      > ```
      > Keep in mind that `completed` does not mean `succeeded`. You must do it even if the tests fail. 
```

``` shell
make test-gateway-debug
```

>    > **CAUTION:** In this mode, you must remember to enable the sidecars as soon as all the tests have been completed:
>    > ```bash
>    > make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
>    > ```
>    > Keep in mind that `completed` does not mean `succeeded`. You must do it even if the tests fail. 

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
> **CAUTION:** In this mode, you must remember to enable the sidecars as soon as all the tests have been completed:
> ```bash
> make enable-sidecar-after-mtls-test
> ```
> Keep in mind that `completed` does not mean `succeeded`. You must do it even if the tests fail. 
``````

This indentation is not needed. It was here, because previously it was under a list element.
